Add activity report for Q1 2023 and roadmap for Q2. (#283)
scala/scala.epfl.ch: records/2023-Q2-roadmap.md

---
layout: contact
---

> This page lists the projects that the Scala Center will work on during
> the current quarter. We also post regular updates about our projects on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the projects that the Scala Center are working on during
the current quarter. We also post regular updates about our projects on the
```
